In the last lecture we started adding our child routes and now loading the recipe detail component doesn't
work any more.
The reason for this is that each year we use recipe all over the place and that's a property of this
component.
But it's a property set Frue property binding with at inport in front of it.
So it awaits to be set from outside the component.
Since this component is set for routing though this won't work anymore.
So we have to change how we received the recipe here or how we set the recipe and we can change it.
Because keep in mind in our route which we define here we pass this idea which is a dynamic parameter
so we should be able to load a recipe by the ID which will simply refer to the position in the array
of recipes.
So here is your challenge.
Try fixing the recipe detail a component to somehow use that ID to update the recipe which is displayed
to fetch it from the recipe service.
Of course you will need to implement some method in the recipe service which allows you to get that.
Here's your chance to pause the video there after i will solve it together with you.
So where are you successful.
Let's fix that together into recipe detail component.
We clearly can remove an input because that's not how we receive the value anymore.
So we can also remove the import of input.
That of course also means before we forget it then the rest of the item component we can remove the
on selected click listener here because that will not be how we passed the value anymore.
And of course we could also remove the on select that method here.
That that's something we don't need anymore of course that also allows us to remove the recipes service
from this component and remove the import.
So we're cleaning up quite a lot here in the recipe list component.
We don't have to change anything.
And then the recipe component itself here we already did make a change and add the router outlet.
So now any recipe detail a component we somehow need to get our single recipe and we know that we will
get the idea from the router.
So let's first fetch this ID and you learned that for this we need to get access to the activated route.
So let's inject it here of Taieb actuated route.
Make sure to add this import here from at angular router this import is important to an able typescript
to identify the type you are trying to inject here.
And with that angular is able to use it.
So now we get this route and now we have two ways of retrieving the ID.
The first one would be to simply bind it to route snap.
Excuse me this route snapshot Perens ID but this will only work for the first time we load a detail
a component.
Now keep in mind D-men you where we can click on one is on the left so we will be able to choose a new
recipe.
Whilst we still see the details of number one so we probably want to react to changes in our recipe
ID because that's absolutely possible in our app.
So that is not the approach I want to use.
Instead what I want to do is I want to use my route the parents observable and subscribe to that observable.
Now with that we can react to any changes in our roud parents and we will get them here of type parents.
As we learned to be imported from an angle or router and now now we can really react to a new ID.
So we should probably store that ID here in a property of our class.
It will be of type number so we should set this ID equals you harems ID though we know that what we
get back here will be a string.
So we should costed it to a number by adding a plus in front of it.
So now we will have an ID in the form of a number which we can use to identify our recipe.
Well with this information.
We want to load our recipe from the recipe service and for that we need to change our recipe service
because right now weve got no way of loading a single recipe by ID that's something we can easily implement
though we can simply implement a get recipe method which takes an idea of type number and then we can
simply return this recipes and select the item at this index.
We could also rename ID to index to make really clear what that number will be in the end.
You could also call slice before doing that because slice would now give you a copy of your array though
it won't be a deep copy.
So the objects still are the same anyways so you can also do directly return the object like this.
You could of course also create a hard copy of that object with object aside for example.
That's not what I want to do here though.
So we return a single recipe.
Now back in the recipe detail component typescript file after fetching an idea and storing it I went
to fetch didn't you recipe.
And I will later also show why I needed to store the ID here so let's fetch the recipe using our recipe
service whenever the idea changes then I will call get recipe and pass my ID as an argument and with
that we should be able to indeed make our application to work again by going manually to recipes zero.
We indeed see the detail view.
For dishnet all.
And with one for the burger.
So that is working.
Now we also need to enable these links here to work again because right now they're not doing anything